the Zachman curl you curl up the top the
palm supinated the pause reverse over to
a reverse grip slowly control the
negative until the muscles in the fully
lengthen position and then re supinate
the risk and crow back to maximum
contraction
next is the spider curl on the spider
curl are going to lay out an incline
bench activate your core and glutes here
driving them into the bench slightly
arch your back but the biceps come to
the fully lengthen position palms up to
the sky get the max contraction
isolating the bicep and slowly lower the
weight film the muscle work on the way
down cable preacher curl block your
armpits into the bench and be sure to
remove any jerking motion on the way up
and down so it's very smooth and control
for max contraction slowly control the
way down to the floor lengthen position
and activate the muscle and begin to
contract them all the way on max
contraction at the top control down
cross body hammer curl visualize gonna
bring my thumb into the inner part of my
pecs isolating the outside head of the
bicep in the brachioradialis closer look
on that bicep and forearm work together
next is a lying cable curl there's an X
a little bit isolating the bicep for
maximum contraction and really getting
the peak of the bicep heads so lying on
the ground get a fully extended position
and slowly curl the cable right to where
your hairline is to get max in traction
on the bicep slowly lower in the way
rope curl with supination to begin with
the palms together in the middle and
slowly coming up externally rotate the
wrist supinating the risks on the
outside have the bicep really squeeze
getting that nice contraction and slowly
learn the way back down to the center
standing one arm dumbbell concentration
curl this was popularized by a
Schwarzenegger back in the day basically
we get your arm stay perpendicular to
the floor and slowly curl up really
isolating the bicep souping the rest of
the top seeing the bicep squeeze and
slowly lowering the weight should be
nice my muscle connection and good peak
to the bicep development